Added develoepr news for LWKD (#499)
kubernetes-sigs/lwkd: _posts/2025-04-27-update.md

## Developer News

> In Kubernetes 1.33, improvements were made to the [E2E tests](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/130908). In short, if your test depends on feature gates and not the actual E2E "features", the CI system can now automatically run them by default in shared alpha/beta feature test jobs without any action on your part. The team is looking to improve the [E2E testing process for 1.34](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/131040).

Reviewer: Made some suggestions on Slack for improving this item.

## Developer News

> In Kubernetes 1.33, improvements were made to the [E2E Testing Framework](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/130908). The update required contributors to use `framework.WithFeatureGate(features.YourFeature)` for tests related to specific feature gates to ensure proper execution in CI jobs. For more inforamtion on the changes, please refer to the [Google Group Announcement](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/dev/c/uVga86nJDuI). The tests need to specify both the feature gates as well as cluster configurations. . The team is looking to improve the [E2E testing process for 1.34](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/131040).

Reviewer: Changes/rewording:
1. No passive tense; have a Subject-verb-object.  So "SIG-Testing changed the E2E framework" not "improvements were made"
2. The lede here is Ben's call for feedback, not changes that were made 2 months ago
3. That's also the action item; folks need to follow Ben's instructions
4. There is nothing for 1.34.
5. Never add words for a link ("google group announcement"), instead link words that are already there.
6. Use present tense whenever possible

So, suggested rewrite:

```suggestion
[Benjamin Elder reminded contributors](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/dev/c/uVga86nJDuI)
of the changes to the [E2E Testing Framework](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/130908) that take effect now.  Contributors must use `framework.WithFeatureGate(features.YourFeature)` for tests related to specific feature gates to ensure proper execution in CI jobs. Tests need to specify both feature gates and cluster configurations.
```

> After 5 long years, the team has finally acheived [zero hard-coded test skips](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/pull/34731) in `pull-kubernetes-e2e-kind` and related jobs. This is near parity with `pull-kubernetes-e2e-gce` (1056 tests vs 1080 test) in approximately half the runtime (~30m vs ~1h).

Reviewer: Identify who you're talking about, whenever possible:

```suggestion
After 5 long years, SIG-Testing has finally acheived [zero hard-coded test skips](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/pull/34731) in `pull-kubernetes-e2e-kind` and related jobs. This is near parity with `pull-kubernetes-e2e-gce` (1056 tests vs 1080 test) in approximately half the runtime (~30m vs ~1h).
```

> The CFPs for the [Maintainer's Summit at KubeCon NA 2025](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-north-america/features-add-ons/project-opportunities/) are now live! Get your talks in before 7th July.

Reviewer: It's not the maintainer summit, it's the maintainer track.  Please look at that page, see what's open and what the deadlines are, and write up up accordingly.

> There's an ongoing discussion about the use of AI within the [Kubernetes GitHub Org](https://github.com/kubernetes/steering/issues/291). The short version of the discsussion is that a lot of the repositories have been receving spammy AI content which looks fine from a high level, but at closer look there are a lot of issues with it. And the newer generation is more reliant on AI and may not see anything wrong. The discussion is about setting up a guidance policy around AI use in the CNCF, similar to the [Policy that exists for LFX](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/generative-ai).

Reviewer: Nice writeup!  I'm editing it a bit for brevity, and to include an action item:

```suggestion
Please read and comment on an ongoing discussion about AI-generated contributions to [Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/steering/issues/291). Several repositories have been receiving AI-generated submissions which look acceptable until carefully reviewed. Younger developers may be more reliant on AI and may not realize that such contributions are unacceptable. Community members are discussing whether we need a more restrictive policy than [the Linux Foundation's](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/generative-ai).
```
